The Joe Rogan experience. You got to put a tape over that camera. You do.
I think there's probably you do right how much you should get. Should.
I mean, people should check this. This is again smart TVs. Uh,
you know,
if you've got one that's of a recent vintage check and you'll see this a little,
little hole along the frame,
that's the camera and this is a microphone set up an audio system. Yeah.
Just put a piece of tape over that. That's your, whatever,
your low cost solution. Right. You can go in there and adjust and turn it off.
But you know, you try figuring that out, right?
That's like trying to program your, your VCR, right.
Trying to figure out how to get into your TV,
into the settings to change the smart interactivity.
And then do you also want to trust that that's,
what's going to happen if you turn it off? So.
Facebook that if you did, if you turn off location, they're still tracking.
Yeah.
Yeah. That's why I said I, again, going back to that same old thing,
which is like, ah, the government's trying to screw us over the spying on us,
say, you know what? They, you know,
unless you're involved in criminal activity or terrorism, you know, they,
they honestly don't have any interest, but they also don't have the resources.
And the time available commercial side of things though,
is different because it drives what they're all about, which is making money.
Especially when you sign those terms of agreements,
that the terms of use agreements. Like most people just accept. It.
Don't look through.
Right? Well, there's a, there's a regulation. There's a, there's active,
there's a piece of legislation or whatever that Outlaws, you know,
uh, secretly videoing, you know, I forget what it was.
It was years and years ago. It was decades ago. Um,
but you, you, uh,
give up that right by clicking on agree on those user agreements.
But you know, I don't know anybody who's ever read a user agreement.
What does this, Jamie, California, California, this year,
consumer privacy act allows anyone who resides in the state to access and obtain
copies of the data that companies store on them and the right to delete that
data and opt out of companies selling or monetizing their data. Ah.
Um, California leading the way again, only for residents of California though.
It lives somewhere else.
But you can't. Oh, well I'm moving from Idaho to California. Yeah.
Good spots in California. Yeah. No, this isn't one of them.
It's a good spot. Just too many people found out about it.
My worry is more of social media companies now than,
than anything. Um,
even in a lot of ways more than the government spying on us, I,
I worry about the power that something like Facebook has the insane amount of
influence that they have on people and how through the use of their algorithms.
They actually instigate arguments and try to get people because that's how
people respond. And that's what makes people want to click on things.
And that's, that's what generates revenue. So their algorithms encourage,
you know, and it's, you know, the idea is that they encourage outrage,
but they don't really, but people like outrage.
So encourage you to go seek out like Arusha fear didn't experiment,
where you use YouTube and he only searched for puppies.
That's always searched for it. Just puppies on YouTube.
And that's all YouTube would recognize that.
So all they were recommending to him was puppies and he's like, oh, okay.
So it's really not nefarious.
It's based entirely on what your needs are or what your interests are.
But so many people are interested in things that outraged them,
that it becomes a very profitable thing for them when their algorithm shows
these people what they want. But it's the problem is the people itself.
It's not necessarily the album. It's not like some,
the algorithm is some nefarious algorithm is designed to instigate strife.
No, it's, it's taking advantage of, of human nature to some degree,
but it's also, I mean,
you've raised a really important point because coming up on this election,
people are talking about, oh my God, they're going to hack in.
They're going to influence the vote.
They're going to now part of the danger is in the social engineering and the
way, and it's very clever. So let's,
if you look at like a recent something that just happened, actually,
it's really interesting. And, and you know, it's still being investigated, but,
um, our report came out from a, a group, uh, area one, which is,
um, uh, looking at at hackers and looking at,
uh, cybersecurity issues. And, and, uh,
it's not a particularly well-known group.
It's not like a spur ski or some of these others that are out there,
but they just came out with, uh, a report a couple of days ago,
basically saying that the Russians, a Russian entity, uh,
likely the former GRU, the military intelligence group of, of, uh,
the Russian intelligence service hacked into Barisma number.
Charisma is a company in the Ukraine that hunter Biden was sat on the board of,
right. And now you think, oh, Russians hacked into it.
And so what happens almost immediately when this report comes out saying, uh,
a Russian, uh, Intel operation hacked into Barisma, uh,
recently, uh,
as it was sort of becoming an issue and Trump was banging on about it and,
you know, a hunter Biden, and there was talk about you holding up Ukrainian aid,
if you don't investigate the Bidens situation.
So you'd look at this and if you just looked at it on a very simple level,
you'll go, wow. And I've already seen some of that narrative saying, well, look,
the Russians are working on behalf of Trump again, see,
that's what they're doing.
They're working on behalf of Trump there they're hacking into Barisma.
And that's what he was complaining about.
If you step back and you think about what are the Russians trying to do, right?
With all of their, uh, hacking efforts, all their social media engineering,
they're trying to create the scent. So now what have you got now,
you're ramping up this story again. Now, you know,
to what degree air area, one story or report is correct. I mean,
there's some discussion as to whether it's accurate or not,
but to that degree that you have to look at everything now with a very skeptical
eye and you have to say, okay, what is the purpose of it?
Why is this a timed leak, um,
of information right today intended to, in other words,
did the Russian Intel service, they don't do anything haphazardly, right?
Did they, do they do this with the idea that we're going to leak this out now,
because now it looks like we're still, you know, we're pushing this whole thing.
We're trying to help Trump. We're going to get that narrative going again.
Right. Because now we're getting into an election cycle. It's interesting stuff.
It's, it's like after we, uh, after Soleimani was, was smoked, um,
almost immediately after, um, social media posts, uh, you know,
sort of pro very subtly, but pro Iranian regime pro you know,
Sulaymani again, very subtle, but in that vein, they spiked.
And over the course of the next 48 hours,
massive numbers compared to what had been in the past of, of, uh, you know,
some sympathetic enough to turn people's thoughts, right.
To get that narrative going of like, well, oh my God,
they assassinated a foreign leader. Right.
That's all they're looking to do is create that in the Iranian cyber security
forces is increasingly sophisticated 10 years ago,
they probably wouldn't have been able to orchestrate sort of that sort of social
media work.
I guess my point being is that we look at things very simplistically, right?
We look at it cause we tend to look at it through this political spectrum
saying, I'm right, I'm left whatever, but you have to step back and think,
you know, what, what what's, what are they doing? What's,
what's the purpose of this?
And maybe it's more complex or layered than just simply accepting what it is
that's being said, which happens. You know,
that's the danger of social media is everyone takes at face value,
that they see on Twitter or whatever. And rather than stepping back and going,
I wonder if this story's even accurate, but then, you know,
somebody will post some half the time. It's, you know, it's just,
it's whether it's for the left or right. Doesn't matter.
Or whether it's from a foreign entity, you know, the state sponsored effort,
you take it and you run with it. Next thing you know,
it's got 10,000 likes and people are talking about it. Like it's crazy.
Yeah.
That's a real problem with today's social media is that these agencies like
the, uh, internet research agency in Russia did before the 2016 election,
they really can stir up dissent with these thousands and thousands
of social media accounts that they have.
And they can get people thinking in a certain way.
They can get people to argue things in a certain way. And you,
you hear those talking points that these bots and these, you know,
these companies that are designed just to stir people up,
you see those talking points repeated. So.
Oh no, absolutely. And look, the Russians have been doing this, you know,
years and years ago, decades ago,
they were buying off journalists to write favorable articles or articles that
they wanted to get the narrative out there for. Right.
So they would pay off journalists, whether it was overseas or here,
wherever it may be. And that was old school. Right. But the point of it,
right, th the, the, the reasoning behind it is still the same, right.
You're trying to affect a narrative. You're trying to affect a certain opinion,
or you're trying to foment the scent. You're trying to create some chaos.
And you're right here now with a lot of the social media that, uh,
foreign entities are doing,
they're trying to take advantage and trying to drive wedges in. So you get,
you get these things to try to drive, uh, and, and, and, and, uh, create a,
more of a racial divide as an example, whatever it is that they can do.
And sometimes, sometimes they're doing it just simply to create the chaos.
You know, sometimes they're doing it for, you know, a more specific,
focused reason, but we're not sophisticated. I mean, I think we're,
we're more aware of it now, uh,
because it's been in the news and we've been talking about it to some degree,
but we're, as, as a population we're not very sophisticated.
And so there's still going to take advantage of it.
And it's not just the Russians, it's it's any,
any nation that's got the resource or the ability and somewhat motivation and
sees it in their own best interest. They're going to be engaged in this.
So I'll have a cyber unit that's doing this sort of thing. So, you know,
li I don't know where it's going to go, but, you know,
you worry about sort of the, the impact that it has. It's not the,
you know, it's not the, the idea that they're going in there to, uh,
voting machines and switching up data. I mean, frankly,
we should be going to a paper-based system. I would, I would, you know,
if it was, if I was in charge, I would say, that's it,
no more paperless voting systems, get that out of here.
We're not going to rely on the internet.
You know what they're doing in Iowa for the caucuses,
it's all going to be internet based, uh,
voting reporting for the caucuses in Iowa, right? Yeah. I mean,
but again, you think that, you know, uh,
whether it's independent hackers or state-sponsored from China, Russia,
wherever that question are targeting this, you know,
and they're putting a great deal of resources into it, and they're there,
and they've already probably mapped out the entire infrastructure. So, you know,
Hey, let's get back to the old days.
If you're targeting a terrorist organization and, uh, you start having success,
picking up comms. So communications in, in, and, and gathering signals,
intelligence on them.
First thing they do is throw their phones away and go back to the old system of,
look, I'm going to hand write some message. I'm going to hand it to my cousin.
He's gonna hand it to his cousin. And that's all,
that's our communication system from now.
So we should dumb down and go back to the old days and just do a paper system,
you know, which takes longer and is a pain in the. But yeah, you can't hack,
it can act it. Yeah. Anyway, that's just me.